Add instrumented IL verification (#2829)
DataDog/dd-trace-dotnet: docs/InstrumentationVerification/InstrumentationVerification.md

# Instrumentation Verification Library

# Description

The Instrumentation Verification library allows us to generate an assembly on disk which contains all the metadata and bytecode changes that were performed at runtime through the CLR Profiling API, and then run that assembly through various tools that verify the correctness of the instrumented assembly.

The library is meant to be used in several distinct two-cases:

1. As part of CI, the tool can be used:
    1. By the Tracer team, to verify that we produce valid IL for every integration we add
    2. By the Debugger team, to verify that adding probes produces valid IL on a wide range of methods

> 2. As a diagnostic tool, the InstrumentationVerification tool can be used to quickly triage support cases where the customer is complaining that our CLR Profiler causes a `BadImageFormationException`, `InvalidProgramException`, `TypeLoadException`, etc etc. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. As a diagnostic tool, the InstrumentationVerification tool can be used to quickly triage support cases where the customer is complaining that our CLR Profiler causes a `BadImageFormatException`, `InvalidProgramException`, `TypeLoadException`, etc etc. 
```

Author: Fixed in 4c7c44dcf9bc4f5affbde6c20b8fd17d1735d225

1. Add the environment variable `DD_TRACE_WRITE_INSTRUMENTATION_TO_DISK`, set to “true”.
2. Run or restart the application we are instrumenting. Observe that as we instrument the app, more and more files will appear under [Datadog Logs Folder]/InstrumentationVerification/{ProcessName}_{ProcessID}_{ProcessCreationTime}
3. Via command line, run the command: 

    Datadog.InstrumentedAssemblyVerification.Standalone.exe [Full path of the folder generated in step 2] 

    Once the command has finished executing, you will find new files under the InstrumentationVerification folder:

    1. Logs file of the verification tool for each assembly will appear under a folder named **OUPUT_InstrumentedAssemblies/InstrumentationVerificationLogger_[DATE]_.log**)
    2. The instrumented assemblies will appear under a folder named **OUPUT_InstrumentedAssemblies**

**Note:** When handling a support case, the first two steps must be performed on the customer’s site. However, if the customer is willing to upload and send us the instrumentation output folder (which is conveniently placed inside the Datadog Logs folder), then the 3rd step can be performed offline.

# Approach & High Level Design

> ![alt_text](InstrumentationVerificationDesign.png "instrumentation verification high level design")

Reviewer: nit- on a dark background the arrows aren't super visible

Author: Fixed in 4c7c44dcf9bc4f5affbde6c20b8fd17d1735d225

The Instrumentation Verification process is divided into three main steps:

1. At runtime, we write the following information to disk:
    1. A copy of every assembly that was loaded 
    2. Several “metadata” files which contains all the metadata changes that were performed via _IMetadataEmit2 / IMetadataAssemblyEmit._ The file format is textual, in order to assist with easy troubleshooting.
    3. A “bytecode” file, which contains all the IL bytecode that was modified via _ICorProfilerInfo::SetILFunctionBody_ or _ICorProfilerFunctionControl::SetILFunctionBody,_ in binary format.

    

>     The files in section (a) are written to a folder named **INPUT_OriginalAssemblies** whereas the files in sections (b) and (c) are written to a folder named **INPUT_InstrumentationLog.**

Reviewer: Ignore me if the list rendering depends on the setup / browser
```suggestion
    The files in section (i) are written to a folder named **INPUT_OriginalAssemblies** whereas the files in sections (ii) and (iii) are written to a folder named **INPUT_InstrumentationLog.**
```

Author: Fixed in 4c7c44dcf9bc4f5affbde6c20b8fd17d1735d225

    The logic of writing this information to disk resides within the Native Loader and is abstracted away inside proxy classes that implement the raw CLR Profiling API interfaces. As a result, the Tracer, Continuous Profiler, or any other client library that the Native Loader may dispatch calls to in the future does not need to know that IL Verification is taking place.

    

> ![alt_text](InstrumentationVerificationNativeWrappers.png "Instrumentation verification native wrappers")

Reviewer: nit- on a dark background the arrows aren't super visible

Author: Fixed in 4c7c44dcf9bc4f5affbde6c20b8fd17d1735d225
